Document manyOrFail() backports. (#6157)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/3-9-migration-guide.rst

New Features
============

ORM
---

* ``Table::saveManyOrFail()`` method has been added that will throw ``PersistenceFailedException``

>   with the specific entity that failed in case of an error. The entities are saved transaction safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with the specific entity that failed in case of an error. The entities are saved within a transaction.
```

* ``Table::deleteMany()`` and ``Table::deleteManyOrFail()`` methods have been added for removing many

>   entities at once including callbacks. The entities are removed transaction safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  entities at once including callbacks. The entities are removed within a transaction.
```
